README.md, before:

# OzwDashboard

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 10.0.1.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `--prod` flag for a production build.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).

Commit message:

frontend: add LICENSE and README
Signed-off-by: Joao Eduardo Luis <joao@wipwd.dev>

README.md, after:

wipwd's zwave management dashboard
----------------------------------

Note before: this project was ripped-off from ozw-thingy.git's rest-api
effort. That was the product of our initial ventures with openzwave as a
backend for a management dashboard. We have chosen to make this a standalone
project because we've fiddled with multiple backend solutions lately, and the
only thing that remained constant was the frontend.

That said, expect weird code indentation, poorly written code, code that does
not yet work as well as it should. This is still under heavy (albeit
occasional) development.

We do not aim at making this all the rage. There are other projects much
farther along than this one, and with proper communities to back them up. Note
that this project results from 1) wanting to play with the openzwave
libraries; 2) wanting a simple management dashboard, without needing
integration with home assistant and the likes; and 3) built with typescript.


LICENSE
-------

This work is licensed under the European Union Public Library v1.2. A copy of
the license is provided in the root of this repository; see LICENSE.
